fix(auth): filter only for users in emailMatchingUserEntityProfileEmail resolver (#23308)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/poor-scissors-carry.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-auth-backend': patch
'@backstage/plugin-auth-node': patch
---

> per default, only consider entities of kind user when using findCatalogUser with a filter query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only consider entities of kind `User` when using `findCatalogUser` with a filter query, unless an explicit `kind` filter is provided.
```
